feat(FilePreview): Add file preview modal (#664)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

### File preview

> If the contents of an attachment cannot be previewed, load a view of the file name and other information in a new modal. Return users to the main ChatBot window once they dismiss the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the contents of an attachment cannot be previewed, load a file preview modal with a view of the file name and an unavailable message. When users close the modal, return to the main ChatBot window.
```
maybe? Unless we intend for the message to be something consumers customize, say for adding a description
